Oh Charlie
here oh not so good
it is oddly today you do not want to get
caught in the short break with your kite
no is it right there you gotta jump
right here look at this big-ass wall
water get it yeah oh shit stuffy that's
gonna leave a mark dan hurt me ow oh
yeah we're all chewed up
see it coming up Oh
my way we're not to get eaten up in yeah
that thing right there at six foot way
fuck out
so far nobody's been able to conquer
this less 242 the waves are taking their
ass it's your turn to go out there and
show that ocean who's boss for waves
more schools all right brother
nice Bryson
pop OH
sir
go us
Oh
it was awesome
yes dr. 50 year old man jumping 13 year
unbelievable
Ryan you are
lessness izle
what
and I got an extra mark
coo coo
today it's 22 to 27 knots gusting over
flying tenth and eleventh hi so far
Brides king of the air Bob you get a
higher jumping in okay I can't get
higher jumper cry come on i think you
can come on do a trick when you were
showing his stop
nicely done
up you look fantastic young here not
fooling around wearing a helmet he is
not going to endanger his life today
announced on my back nada yeah vodka
martini inside the back of it
shaken not stirred
it's like James Bond Scott
right here right here yes can I get it
oh just me do it Bobby
just go do it don't be afraid totally 14
eyes
looks good nice mother can you change up
in your van
this should be interesting
say goodbye to your knees pretty psycho
you